---
title: Billing Options
taxonomy:
    category: docs
---

M-Pin is an open source product. The code of the M-Pin Server and the M-Pin Clients can be downloaded from MIRACL repository on GitHub.

The easiest way to get M-Pin is getting all the files and the libraries from MIRACL build endpoint, through a Python command. You can find the latest URL for the endpoint and the Python command to use on the [M-Pin Core](http://www.certivox.com/m-pin-core) page. The installation is compatible with most Linux distributions and MacOS.

## Free tier

All the files and libraries you need will be downloaded during the installation. You will also be provisioned with the cryptographic keys, so the server will be fully working from the first minute of the installation.

The credentials you are provisioned with during the installation point to a shared D-TA in MIRACL infrastructure, hosted on AWS, called free tier D-TA. All the servers using the free tier share the following modules on MIRACL infrastructure:

*   URL of the D-TA Proxy
*   D-TA Proxy: manages all the requests on behalf of the D-TA
*   D-TA: generates MIRACL share of client keys and time permits

All the free customers share the same D-TA Master Secret. That means the share of the keys generated by MIRACL for each free customer is compatible across all the different customers. None the less, each M-Pin Server runs a local D-TA, which generates client keys and time permits based on a unique D-TA Master Secret. That means the complete cryptographic parameters are still unique, as generated partly from a shared key and partly from a unique key.

See the glossary and the product overview to understand more about MIRACL infrastructure and the functions of the single modules.

MIRACL doesn't guarantee SLAs to free customers. Free customers cannot access professional dedicated support from MIRACL professionals, but we support our free customers through our [Community Support](http://discuss.certivox.com/) page

## Enterprise tier

For customers who want more from their M-Pin, MIRACL offer enterprise tier plans. Enterprise customers have a dedicated Infrastructure on AWS, and are also guaranteed full professional support, SLA and additional security features. To find out all the details about the price plans and what they include visit [miracl.com](http://www.certivox.com/).

You can purchase an enterprise tier M-Pin instance from the [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/search/results/ref=srh_navgno_search_box?page=1&searchTerms=certivox). It includes:

*   A dedicated URL to point to to access all the MIRACL services
*   A dedicated D-TA Proxy, which only processes requests coming from your M-Pin Server and Clients, through signed communication.
*   A dedicated D-TA, which generates and maintains only your unique Master Secret, from which all your cryptographic parameters are created, including client keys and time permits.

Beyond the services you get with the enterprise tier, including full professional support, SLA and additional security features, the advantages of having a dedicated infrastructure are substantial:

*   the infrastructure is completely detached from other customers'
*   all the modules which communicate with the dedicated customer infrastructure use a unique URL for the communication, generated uniquely for each enterprise customer
*   the cryptographic key shares are unique, both the local ones generated on your local D-TA and the shares generated by your dedicated D-TA in AWS infrastructure
*   the security of your D-TA is enforced through HSM devices on AWS, so that your Master Secret is both protected and recoverable through a fully logged and tracked procedure all managed on AWS
*   only your D-TA Proxy holds the credentials to verify the communication with your M-Pin server and your application, and those credentials are not saved anywhere by MIRACL apart from the D-TA Proxy itself
*   your D-TA generates keys and time permits for your end users only

## General information on MIRACL D-TA and AWS Infrastructure

The MIRACL D-TA generates a key share for all the cryptographic keys necessary for the M-Pin Protocol, while additional key shares are generated by the Customer D-TA running within the M-Pin Server itself. The cryptographic keys involved in the M-Pin protocol include:

*   M-Pin Server key, saved on the M-Pin Server and used to authenticate the end users
*   M-Pin Client key, issued to end users through the M-Pin PIN Pad
*   M-Pin Time Permits

For more information on MIRACL D-TA and AWS Infrastructure see [M-Pin: Understanding Distribution Trust Authority (D-TA) Architecture](/docs/m-pin-core/mpin-understanding-dta)

### Connecting to the AWS INFRASTRUCTURE

After creating the dedicated infrastructure on AWS, a credentials.json file becomes available for download from the management console. The file must be copied into the M-Pin Server file system, and contains the credentials to digitally sign the communication between the server itself and the dedicated D-TA Proxy.

The file also contains the dedicated URL to connect to the dedicated infrastructure on AWS.

When the M-Pin Services are started on the server, all the relevant cryptographic parameters are retrieved directly by the M-Pin Server from the D-TA Proxy, so those parameters are never seen or handled or accessed by any person or service apart from the M-Pin Server administrator and the MIRACL D-TA. The MIRACL D-TA Master Secret is only stored in the D-TA memory, and it is saved encrypted to disc for disaster recovery, through HSM devices on AWS.